Support of PassworVault for API Level inferior to 23 (#1605)
unoplatform/uno: doc/ReleaseNotes/_ReleaseNotes.md

 * [WASM] The tranform returned by `UIElement.TransformToVisual` is now including scale, rotation or any custom transformation that was declard on a parent element (transform was only including translate components)

### Bug fixes

> * [#1605](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/pull/1605)Fix PassworVault for API Level inferior to 23

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#1605](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/pull/1605)Explicitly fails ctor of PassworVault for API Level inferior to 23
```

> * [#1531](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/pull/1531)Fix an issue with VirtualizePanelAdaptater by adding a cache where the ItemSources lenght change and created a OutOfRangeException

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
